[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we're with Tim,
who is speaking with
us today from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes,
anticipates, and suggests
various strategies connected
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
Glad to be here.
>> You mentioned that
extraterrestrials are
interacting with humans.
What can you tell us
about ETs among us?
>> So I wasn't involved with
detecting non-terrestrial
beings among humanoid
people or Terran people.
It was always my job to
communicate, to make contact,
to analyze data, and
to then give advice
on how species can interact
for a mutual benefit.
But the most non-terrestrial
beings we have on this planet
are mostly non-humanoid genetic
modifications or hybrids.
And also, high
interfrequential beings that
reintegrate or
reincarnate into society.
>> Some say that there are human
extraterrestrials all amongst
us, in the political government,
in the higher agencies,
in the military.
It could be our neighbor,
for all we know.
What can you tell us about that?
>> There are non-terrestrial
beings that do look like
humans, and they
work hand in hand.
But those beings know
why they are here,
and they got the
proper paperwork
and they got invited, so to
speak, to work on the surface.
But there are also
two other types
of lifeforms that could
be of this definition,
because we either have hybrid,
hybridized humans, which
means they try to
connect certain species
with each other.
They got born here.
They grow up as humans.
But in most cases, the
non-terrestrial beings
make sure that they know
where they come from.
They got some direction.
They got open contact.
And the other type
of non-terrestrials
that do sort of
merge into society
are beings that come
back to this experience
because they already
ascended in a different way,
in a different universe.
And they come back to
help the Earth transcend
and to stabilize the overall
evolution of the universe.
Those are beings that
certainly or sometimes get
lost in the process, because
reincarnation has some risks
to get too involved with
what you are experiencing,
and not remembering that you
are coming from somewhere else.
And for sure, some
hybrids are just
doing normal, day-to-day
work because they might not
remember they are hybrids.
They might not
remember they're coming
with a specific task in
mind to, for example,
elevate human consciousness
or do something beneficial.
And dare I say,
the human society
has a very strict way
of navigating people
through the tasks of society.
You get into school.
You get in university,
day-to-day job.
So this is kind of a karma
of the planetary system.
>> Is there a way to recognize
the extraterrestrials amongst
us?
Because some of
them look like us.
You said some of
them are hybrids.
So how do we do this?
>> This is not too easy.
Because mostly, they do look
like human, Terran people.
And if you really
want to find out
if somebody is a hybrid, if
you don't have technologies,
the best way to
find out about it
is how you feel
in their presence.
So mostly, more experienced
and non-human people
feel differently, in a way.
So it can be that
you really like
to be around somebody
because it feels at ease.
Those beings are mostly
very intelligent.
They tend to be a little
off-placed, in a way.
It's just, in some way, very
pleasantly to be around them.
And there's a funny
story, because when
I was thinking about
this question, I one time
was confused by somebody.
Because I was somewhere and
then somebody came up to me,
and we were talking.
And he was telling me
something about his group,
and he was telling me
something that he has "gained,"
and this is a quote, a
certain amount of credits.
And asked me how many
credits did I obtain.
And I was thinking
like, yeah, he's
pretty much misunderstanding or
confusing myself with somebody
from his own group.
So sometimes, to
non-terrestrial beings,
it's just as hard as
for terrestrial beings.
And this was also
the first occasion--
I learned later on
that this type of being
was trying to get his
hands on galactic credits.
And this was the
first time for me
to hear about galactic
credits, which
is kind of a monetary
system in the universe.
And he was confusing myself
with somebody from his group.
Which is, by the way,
heavily gold based.
So if anybody needs
to invest something,
then this would be a tip.
[CHUCKLES]
>> You mentioned, Tim, and
gave us a great example for us
to find out if they're a hybrid.
But you also mentioned a way
to do it through technology.
Could you explain that?
Through what technology?
>> You can sense it
if it's strong enough,
or you can use technology just
to find out exact data about
this frequency.
Or you can also
do a certain test
and get the DNA
information about that.
>> So these devices measure
genetic frequencies.
>> They measure the frequency
and the way a being radiates
a certain tone, a
certain pattern.
>> OK.
Would you say it's a
type of programming
that they're doing to us?
>> This is a dangerous
question, Emery.
>> I know.
[CHUCKLES]
>> Let me ask you something.
Do you think the overall
nature of the universe
is caring and loving?
>> Yes.
>> Do you think the
probabilities of a loving
and self-caring universe gets
higher if the universe is all
one?
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
So if you're watching this
society and Earth people,
there is an installation
that causes fear.
And fear is
something that can be
used as a defensive
mechanism, but it also
can be used to minor the
probabilities of a evolution.
So this is something that it's
really tough to get rid of,
because people that have
a fear-based mindset
tend to reject any kind of
information they've been given.
So we need to really carefully
and gently maneuver and guide
around this to liberate the
human mind and the human system
to this.
The people need to come
back to the mindset
that the overall
nature of the universe
is potentially beneficial
and protective.
>> Tim, do you think
there's a plan, an agenda,
set up for humanity to
actually get to that level
of consciousness?
>> Well, to my moral
and ethical standpoint,
I would enjoy just to see
people speak about certain
installations and
to ease their minds.
And everyone in the universe has
a kind of self-responsibility
to not become a xenophobe
and full of angst.
>> But they're making evil
extraterrestrial movies every
month, and it's kind of like
a type of programming to scare
us.
There's even
theories of, there's
going to be an evil alien
invasion of some sort.
>> As a tactical advisor,
we are always looking
for self-sufficiency or
self-prophecies that come true.
So when you think
about angst, this
is something that gets worse
the more you experience it.
So the only way to handle
with this is to kind of move
through it.
>> Does that mean some
of the people in some
of the population here are not
going to be able to go through
it?
>> So I wouldn't say so,
because there's a free will
to everybody.
And everybody can just sort
of create its own destiny.
And this is something the
universe really, really wants
its lifeforms to do.
Because in the end,
the overall goal
we all have is to create
home for ourselves,
within ourselves.
So there's a natural recycling
process within the universe
and--
>> Well, as I'm saying, we're
forever beings and here we are
having war and all this
disease and famine.
And like you said,
it's something
we have to move through.
And I believe that many
of us have volunteered
to come back to maybe
educate the planet,
maybe become a leader.
>> For sure.
So if you're asking
me if there's
a universal component to
what is happening right now,
then I would say
that the planet has
sort of a natural, universal
evolutionary mechanism,
so it's heading towards a
field of higher frequency.
And within this
frequency, the reality
we share in this
dimension, on this planet,
as a planetary consciousness
is going to lift up.
It's altering a
lot, immersively.
We come to the acknowledgment
that everything is possible,
that we are the creators
of our own lives.
But we are also responsible
for being connected with group
consciousness, and we're also
collectively working together
for mutual benefit.
So everyone who agrees
to this, there's
certainly a room
or a place, a home,
whatever, in this universe,
to interact with this process.
>> Some people say, Tim,
that ETs are benevolent
and positive.
And then there are others
out there that say, no, there
are negative ones as well.
What do you believe in?
>> Well, Emery, at this
point and at this time,
at this nexus where we are,
we're experiencing a dualistic
world view.
So we're seeing things
apart from ourselves.
And this is typically
something that
occurs in the third frequential
harmonic, where Earth
has been for years and decades.
And this means that
people are thinking
about differences a lot.
And we have to argue a lot
about how to get things
to a point of agreement.
So this is not the way the
universe was designed for,
and it's not the
way the universe
and the groundbreaking
majority of beings
and life forms is acting
and behaving towards itself.
Because when we're thinking
higher, so to speak,
more experienced-level
beings, from level 4
upwards to level 12, those
beings are very benevolent
and they try to raise global
consciousness pretty much
all day long.
But there are some
types of beings
that, they do have
their own agendas.
And this is pretty
normal to the experience
of dualistic worldview.
>> Are you saying that there
are extraterrestrials and humans
that are stuck in this dualistic
state of mind, I'll say?
>> Less and less, Emery,
because at this point,
the universe is
evolving constantly.
And while we were inside of
a third-frequency experience,
which means we see each
other apart from each other,
dualistically, as
you say, we're now
heading towards a
fourth-level experience.
And once this is a perfect
fourth-level experience,
we have an idea that
the universe is all one.
Interesting enough,
in German, we say--
the word you have for "all"
is our word for the universe.
We say "All."
It means everything.
So the more evolved
species get and the more
evolved and the more time
and experience we have,
we come to the conclusion
that you are a creator,
I'm a creator, and the creator
itself is all around us.
>> That's a great way to put it.
In all my travels
around the planet,
I always studied different
types of civilizations.
And how nice would it be if
everyone understood that you're
talking to yourself?
>> We are, Emery.
We are talking to ourselves.
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> That doesn't
mean, necessarily,
we're all the same.
>> No, right.
>> Because the universe
needs diversity,
and this is one of the
fundamental reasons why
disclosure is so necessary.
Because we certainly have
not solved all the problems
we had in the level three
experience, like pollution
and arguing and stuff.
What the universe is doing, it
is expanding its possibilities.
And there are more best
practices out there
that can be reintegrated
in ourselves.
And the reason for the
fourth-level experience
we are now making is
just to get it right.
>> What's the definition
of the fourth density?
>> Well, we're talking
frequential harmonics.
And frequential harmonics
means that to every life
form, there's a specific
tone, a vibrancy, so to speak,
which is basically set up on
by experience and by the way
the consciousness
has found a solution
to certain questions, universal
questions, cosmic questions.
And within this
process, the life form
gets elevated in its cosmic
consciousness, so to speak.
So when we're talking
about frequential harmonics
and we're talking about
"3D," it's not a dimension,
because dimension--
it is a dimension,
but we should not confuse
frequential harmonics
with dimensions.
Because in the third
frequential harmonics,
we do have a component of space.
We're all sharing certain space.
You and me, we
are sharing space.
A virtual space, in this case.
But in some way, we're both
sharing the same space.
So the concept of frequencies
means that every life form
has a certain type
of frequency and is
specific to this
frequency as a subject
and as a group
consciousness, so to speak.
So this planet Earth was in
a level-three consciousness,
which means that we
have linear physics.
We have linear time.
We have dualistic thinking.
And also, the technology
is level-three technology,
which means we need to blow
things apart to mine a hole,
for example.
And while we're now lifting
the frequential harmonics
of the Earth, and
this is something
that happens naturally through
the course of evolution
of the planet, we're
now heading a phase
of the universe or our reality
where everything can happen.
We're talking
non-linear physics.
We're talking quantum physics.
We're talking mind transmission.
We have technology that can
easily and noninvasively build
structures, move
objects for, I don't
know, building a
pyramid or something.
So everything is possible when
we're in this kind of mindset.
>> And how long do you think
it'll take us to get there,
in a 3D timeline?
>> The 3D timeline, it's
happening now, right now.
So we must distinguish
between a individual that
can have a certain frequency.
This planet we're on is
capable of housing life forms
up to level-four consciousness.
So that means when you're
thinking of, I don't know,
yogis from India
that are levitating,
this is certainly a
level-four life form,
because it has realized its own
potential, which is infinite,
so to speak.
And we also need to
take into consideration
that the overall consciousness,
group consciousness,
is also something that
determines what kind
of frequential
harmonics we're in.
So sometimes, we have seen when
we were investigating those
yogis that are not
eating something,
that are levitating something--
those yogis can do it in India,
but they cannot
perform it in Germany.
Why is that?
Because the vital energy,
the consciousness,
group consciousness
of people is--
was, has been, more
into third-dimension or
third-frequency
harmonics than into
fourth frequential harmonics.
>> What a great answer.
I love that.
Now, some of our
guests have mentioned
that we are under some
sort of quarantine,
some sort of embargo,
by extraterrestrials.
What can you tell us about that?
>> Yeah.
Well, the best
way to describe it
is as a kind of
natural mechanism
to the overall evolution
of the universe.
So the planet itself,
which used to have
a level-three
consciousness or was inside
of third-level
frequential harmonics, got
sealed, in a way, by some
higher experienced lifeforms.
Because what they
wanted to achieve
is to keep most influences
outside of the system
so that the free will of
every human being is granted
and everyone can
decide for their own
if they want to believe linear
reality or more open-mindedly
accept the infinite
possibilities
of quantum physics, for example.
>> So it's not that we are under
quarantine by an aggressive
extraterrestrial race, is
what you're telling me?
>> At this very point of time,
the Earth defense has set up
a lot of hardware, so to speak,
to protect the planet from
outside influence.
And this means that even
non-terrestrial beings
that were openly flying around
Earth's air space some decades
ago, they understand
that it's forbidden now
to enter without proper papers.
And when we're talking
about frequential harmonics,
it's more a natural
mechanism, defense mechanism,
of the universe.
And while this planet is moving
ahead into higher-frequency
area fields of the
universe, this barrier--
yeah, it's open.
>> Some people believe that
the extraterrestrials inhabit
our oceans, they
inhabit our forests.
What can you tell us about that?
>> I think not much,
Emery, because this is only
second-hand information to me.
But I know there's
a lot of observation
around certain
species in the oceans
that was brought into
the Earth system.
And mostly, it's
to make experience,
because there's something
very special about Earth.
And it's that here
on this planet,
on the surface of
the Earth, we have
lots and lots of animals,
lots of different types of,
I've got to say races.
Human breeds are very
different to each other,
so they can make a
lot of experience
with interacting
with each other.
Most planets of the solar
system tend to not have.
They have a more restricted
kind of lineage to their DNA.
>> Yes, I agree completely.
Can you give us an example
of the aquatic types
that you're referring to?
>> Is "octopus" the
right word in English?
Yes, right?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
So again, this is
second-hand information.
It's not one of the information
I was typically working with.
But if we are looking,
for example, at octopus,
then we can see
that those beings,
they were brought
into the system,
just to experience and
to evolve on Earth.
>> How about the
ones in the forest?
>> So this is
second-hand information,
but when we get talking about
certain reports of Bigfoot,
for example--
so this is one of the
animals that seem to exist,
even though I haven't
met them, seen them.
Probably you have more
experience on that, Emery.
>> Quite.
Indeed, I do.
[CHUCKLES]
Do you know of any
that live underground?
>> Again, Emery, nothing I've
got too much information on.
But there seem to be a lot
of different civilizations
that live underground
because it's safer,
and the planet has gone
through one or two catalysts
very heavily, like a flood.
And people just went underground
and developed from there.
They had the
specification that they
could develop a more unique,
more homogeneous way.
So they didn't have too
much influence from outside
as those species on
the surface have.
So they tend to have developed
more sophisticatedly.
They have more
experience in some ways.
But they also seem to not have
the high evolutionary potential
that species have that
experience a lot of tension,
like surface humans
do every day.
>> Are they humans that
are living underground,
or they're extraterrestrials?
And do they come to the
surface and interact
with the regular humans?
>> So to my knowledge, the
ancient civilizations that
lived on the surface of
the planet were met with
a disastrous flood at some
time of human history.
And those humans went
down inside of the Earth,
or into big, big, huge graves.
There is another
type of life form
that is well-presented
in ancient mythology
and in ancient history.
And again, this is
second-hand information.
So those are some kind
of ant-type beings.
And they were pretty
helpful in the way
they rescued a lot of humans
when the flood appeared
on the surface of the
Earth thousands of years
ago with some kind
of ant-like species.
>> Absolutely.
You spoke about many
extraterrestrial types
during this interview and
how they are connecting
with other agencies out there.
How do we connect to
our galactic families
as individuals?
>> That's a beautiful question.
We're actually not only
one intergalactic family,
but we are all the same life.
We're all the same living being.
And the overwhelming
mass of the universe
is driving towards friendship
and interconnectiveness
and cooperation for
a mutual benefit.
So if I have one advice to the
audience, it's make friends.
The dysfunctional
aspects of the universe
that are still involved
in this experience
of the dualistic level-three
consciousness, that
is something that
needs to be dealt with.
But we have a lot
of, as you say,
intergalactic friends and
opportunities to do so.
So be self-confident
that there is
a hyper-intelligent mechanism
to the overall structure
of the universe
that is protective,
that is beneficial to itself.
And secondly, use your
own powers as a creator.
Speak it into existence.
For example, make room
for friendly contact now.
Or as I have said earlier, happy
Earth shift, positively now.
This is something that
the universe longs for.
And you can bet that,
surprisingly, things
will happen when you do so.
>> Oh, I love it.
Yes, being aware of that
and saying it out loud,
too, is important.
Well, Tim, once again, great
to have you on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]